Provisioning: Use folders structure from the file system to create desired folders in dashboard provisioning. (#23117)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/administration/provisioning.md

> Be careful not to re-use the same `title` multiple times within a folder
> or `uid` within the same installation as this will cause weird behaviors.

### Provision folders structure from filesystem to Grafana
If you already store your dashboards using folders in a git repo or on a filesystem, and also you want to have the same folder names in the Grafana menu, you can use `foldersFromFilesStructure` option.

For example, to replicate these dashboards structure from the filesystem to Grafana, 
```
/etc/dashboards
├── /server
│   ├── /common_dashboard.json
│   └── /network_dashboard.json
└── /application
    ├── /requests_dashboard.json
    └── /resources_dashboard.json
```
you need to specify just this short provision configuration file.
```yaml
apiVersion: 1
    
providers:
- name: dashboards

>   folder: ''

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  type: file
  updateIntervalSeconds: 30
  options:
    path: /etc/dashboards
    foldersFromFileStructure: true
```
`server` and `application` will become new folders in Grafana menu.

> > **Note.** `folder` and `folderUid` options should be equal to "" to make `foldersFromFileStructure` works.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note.** `folder` and `folderUid` options should be empty or missing to make `foldersFromFileStructure` works.
```
